Meeting Minutes: Discord Meeting April 3, 2021

Attendance:
Abraham
Alejandro
Charlie
Jae
Mahmoud
Marilyn
Nick
Vianney
Harpbrah

Goals this meeting: Decide which group's code base to use as a base, assign teams

Results: Use U08-2 group's code as base

Nick: Testing
Alejandro: 	Implementation
Charlie: 	Implementation
Jae: 		Testing
Mahmound: 	Testing
Marilyn: 	Implementation + Testing GUI
Vianney: 	Implementation + Testing GUI
Abraham: 	Diagram
Harpbrah: 	Implementation
People not here:	Diagram


Team Size:
Implementation: 
	Software:	5~7
	GUI:		2
Diagram:		2~3
Testing:		4~5
Presentation:		?

Timeline:
Overall design document draft: April 4th, night
Diagrams:	Iteration 1+2: Next week weekend (April 8)
Implementation:	Additional iteration 3 use cases done by April 8
		Iteration 1+2: GUI April 8
Testing:
		(Expected to start around the 8th) April 14th, when we submit
Presentation:	Probably start when we submit the other stuff


Next meeting:
Charlie+Alejandro+Harpbrah Meet April 4th 20:30 MST
General Meeting April 8th 21:30 MST
